翻译客服文档 (#833)
taptap/tds-docs: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/sdk/tap-support/features.mdx

---
title: TapSupport Introduction
sidebar_label: Introduction
sidebar_position: 1
---

> TapSupport assists the game operations team in solving the problems encountered by players faster and better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TapSupport assists the game operation teams in solving problems encountered by players faster and better.
```

> TapSupport supports multiple login methods, including the TDS built-in account feature if the game already uses it, or the game's own account system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TapSupport supports multiple login methods. If the game is already using the TDS built-in account, you can log in directly by using it. It also supports logging in with the game's own account system.
```
